hi
let me show you some good stretches
while you're waiting for yourself or for
your performance as a time of the year
that's performance a lot of times we
studios and have a huge each other china
between year actual class and then your
performance or your purple for us today
we have four hours you know of an hour
and a half well okay doesn't matter or
um Clara's gonna show you some stretches
that are good for a turnout and yes so
far she's going to going she's going to
go into a middle split and she's going
to do on the tape line so she can see if
she can get her legs completely in a 180
degree angle now she has your middle
splits but if you don't you should put
you you should go all the way into a 180
degree angle and put your arms down
holding yourself up can you show it like
this yes okay and then she's going to
slide into a frog position there are
many ways to do frogs so this is one of
them that's probably the easiest and
then this like open square frogs is
harder and that gives you more of an
active stretch okay okay so now I'm
leave
some good ways to do front foot so if
you don't have your friends clipdown you
want to start up and make sure your hips
are parallel and that they go to my and
then slowly slide down and try to give
your hips as square as possible and if
you've mastered that then bend over your
front leg to get a bigger stretch you
can also bend come babe come bring back
another back stretch is to lift your
back leg and try to put your head to
your back leg and I give you a really
good stretch another way you can stretch
is to roll over onto your her left side
and and that gives you a good stretch in
the front of your hips and so you can
stretch many ways in there
Square and a consume actual backstretch
so the partner will likely take care
so now show you some like simple
you can slide two are always very tight
you're smoking over
you can do a paunch a stretch for you
grab your knee
and the goal is to get like a flat
ponche yes oh oh yeah over slips yeah or
just splits on me um do you want to show
/ splits on a little edge thing too oh
ok so also you should do over splits if
you already have your front splits
you're gonna you're going to take your
leg and put it on the wall so this is
one way to do over slip this not just
simple over slips you can put your life
against the wall back or you can even do
front to but this isn't a good post to
your front um and you should just try to
get your whole leg onto the world yeah
yeah stuff like swan or there's lots of
stretches but these are just some basic
ones that can keep you warm and improve
flexibility now sure they are all dance
or at least where formats you can get
one password before you stretch yes
force yourself into stuff routine always
always you should always be warned so
stretch right after classroom
instruction always make sure that your
need for new structure or else and we'll
do an injury help prevention mention
injuries something later so thank you
for watching for be fun please subscribe
bye